(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) We will refuse to allow those who traffic
in division and hate to pit us against
one another.
In this moment of political darkness, New York
will be the light.
We believe in standing up for those we
love.
Whether you are an immigrant, a member of
the trans community, one of the many black
women that Donald Trump has fired from a
federal job, a single mom still waiting for
the cost of groceries to go down, or
anyone else with their back against the wall,
your struggle is ours too.
And we will build a city hall that
stands steadfast alongside Jewish New Yorkers and does
not waver in the fight against the scourge
of anti-Semitism.
Indian Muslims know that they belong.
Not just in the five boroughs of this
city, but in the halls of power.
No more will New York be a city
where you can traffic in Islamophobia and win
an election.
This new age will be defined by a
competence and a compassion that have too long
been placed at odds with one another.
We will prove that there is no problem
too large for government to solve and no
concern too small for it to care about.
For years, those in city hall have only
helped those who can help them.
But on January 1st, we will usher in
a city government that helps everyone.
Now I know that many have heard our
message only through the prism of misinformation.
Tens of millions of dollars have been spent
to redefine reality and to convince our neighbors
that this new age is something that should
frighten them.
As has so often occurred, the billionaire class
has sought to convince those making $30 an
hour that their enemies are those earning $20
an hour.
We fight amongst ourselves so that we remain
distracted from the work of remaking a long
broken system.
We refuse to let them dictate the rules
of the game anymore.
They can play by the same rules as
the rest of us.
Together, we will usher in a generation of
change.
And if we embrace this brave new course,
rather than fleeing from it, we can respond
to oligarchy and authoritarianism with the strength it
fears, not the appeasement it craves.
After all, if anyone can show a nation
betrayed by Donald Trump how to defeat him,
it is the city that gave rise to
him.
The only way to terrify a despot is
by dismantling the very conditions that allowed him
to accumulate power.
It's how we stop the next one.
So Donald Trump, since I know you're watching,
I urge for you, turn the volume up!